okay guys here we are today a rainbow
fly shop we're gonna type panfish
Charlie I'm going to tie the famous pink
pattern that has done so well for us
over the years this is real simple
straight I sized six hook and we can't
remember what it is I use a little Eagle
Claw hook just a little TP hook but you
can use all kinds of different stuff for
it we're go ahead and put our thread on
and I've got this down to a science I
can actually go one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten turns and then
go one turn back forward I take a bead
chain I add one of those out I lay it in
right there
tie it on top of the shank clauser style
because this will run a point up again
four or five turns one way for five
terms the other go around the bottom of
it go right behind it and then I whip
finish right there take my thread off
hit it with a drop of turn usually I
turn it over upside down hit it with a
drop of superglue throw it out let it
dry got one that's already nice and dry
for me with a black eye on it we're
gonna eat like I said we're gonna do the
pink and white so I'm gonna use this hot
pink thread here I like to go ahead and
color in between the eyes real good like
this so I'll give it a few turns just to
get the thread color in between the eyes
pop that off then I'm going to take some
shrimp pink or hot pink crystal flash
like this take about five strands of it
out for five strands out full length
time and right behind the eyes one of
them didn't get caught there now chase
them back
all the way back and down about a
quarter away around the bend of the hook
and then I'll go ahead and go back
forward this doesn't have to be
beautiful or perfect because we're gonna
wrap all that stuff back up over the top
of it nobody will ever see it
so we'll just wrap this stuff just
building a body here that's all we're
doing
nice hot shiny pearly body get right
here behind the eyes then we're gonna go
around them this way
basically just figuring figure eight
like we did our thread make sure we
cover up everything nice and then I like
to end up on top of the hook here take
my thread and I'll go over it and I'll
just leave that stuff hang for a minute
that'll come back into play here in a
minute now takes some pink some shrimp
pink light pink ice fur or EP fiber or
whatever you want to use and some white
also I take a tiny little amount of each
pretty sparse I'll put the two together
with the white on bottom okay it's hard
to tell because of the the colors are so
similar because it's very light pink but
there's pink here and white here I'll
take those two kind of marry them
together trim it off nice and try and
keep it pretty straight here just like
that and I'll lay that in on top cinch
it down
four or five terms come in with the
scissors and just clean it up so that I
don't cover up that I good with it when
I finish this head I go just beyond the
tip of the hook go ahead and nip that
off now take this extra crystal flash we
had here I split it with the eye of the
hook and pull it up over and then tie it
back down with the thread try and get it
centered there on the head and then I
just built a threat a threat head get
this nice hot colored head I think they
shine to the fish gives it a little more
something something in the water
whatever it happens to be big whip
finishes all over it
again just to smooth out the head and
make it look really bright shiny for the
fish
try not to cover up the eye at all there
you go tighten up that good finish good
your thread nip your crystal flash I
usually like to leave it quite a bit
longer than the then the wing that I tie
it in there spread it all out and apart
open it up just like that and then of
course you can come in and uneven your
wing here it looks a little more natural
just fan it out and run the scissors
through it a couple times just to nip at
it make it look a little more natural
uneven like nothing's quite straight in
nature so there you go pan fish Charlie
that's a smoking one around here guys
crappie bluegill
I heard guys catching trout on it down
to James they read bass as soon as the
trial stop hitting so give her a shot
tell me which thing
you